= User manual =

PeriodicRelatedChanges (PRC) provides your MediaWiki wiki with the ability to notify users about changes related to categories or pages they are watching on a daily or weekly basis.

== User Permissions ==

PRC exposes two new permissions that can be assigned to groups:

* <code>periodic-related-changes</code> - View and change the PRC notices for logged in user.
* <code>periodic-related-changes-any-user</code> - View and change the PRC notices for any user.

By default, the <code>periodic-related-changes</code> right is assigned to the <code>user</code> group so that any logged in user can view and modify their own PRC notices; the <code>periodic-related-changes-any-user</code> right is assigned to the <code>sysop</code> (often displayed as &quot;administrator&quot; on the wiki) group.

If you want to take the rights away from these groups you would do something like the following in your LocalSettings.php:

<source lang="php">// Take away the default rights
$wgGroupPermissions['user']['periodic-related-changes'] = false;
$wgGroupPermissions['sysop']['periodic-related-changes-any-user'] = false;

// Give them to other groups
$wgGroupPermissions['watchers']['periodic-related-changes'] = true;
$wgGroupPermissions['watch-admin']['periodic-related-changes-any-user'] = true;
</source>
== Setting up notifications ==

When a user visits Special:PeriodicRelatedChanges on your wiki, they'll see one of three things, depending on their permission level. The default configuration would show these options:

* '''A form to look up a user''' Administrators will see this when they first visit the page. Auto-completion of the user name is provided.
* '''A form to edit the the pages on a user's PRC list''' Logged in users that are not administrators will see this page with their own PRC list. Administrators will see this page once they have selected a user.
* '''Permission error''' Users who are not logged in will be told that they cannot access this featurae.

== Importing a list of bulk watchers ==

== What counts as a related page ==

== Changing the email formats ==
